Hyakuman nin no tame ni
utawareta love song nanka ni
Boku wa kantan ni omoi wo
kasanetari wa shinai
Koi seyo to semeru
kono machi no kihon kouzou wa
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
Souzou shiteita yori mo
zutto mirai wa genjitsuteki dane
Kuruma mo shibaraku
sora wo hashiru yotei mo nasasousa
Soshite kyou mo
chikatetsu ni nori
Mukuchi na tanin to
machi ni okizari ne
Dakara lonely, lonely, setsunakute
kowaresouna yoru ni sae
Lonely, lonely, kimidake wa
original love wo tsuranuite
Lonely, lonely, aitakute
kogoesouna mainichi ni
Kotoba ni dekinai koto wa
murini shinai kotoni shita
Ano hito dake kokoro no seikantai
Wasuretai ne
Love me, love me,
tsuyoku yowai kokoro
Kiss me, kiss me,
aseru hitorino yoru
Thanks for your work
at the Uniform Pub!
That's right. I think
that we totally ruined Onizuka!
What? A party?
Yes. A party to celebrate
Onizuka getting fired.
I'm thinking about
reserving a suite at a hotel...
...and celebrating
with an extravaganza!
Really?! Are you serious? I'm in!
And where is this happening?
Yeah, I know...
Seven o'clock tonight?
Okay, okay! I'll be there!
Hey, you guys!
Listen! Yoko said...
That's what you wanted, right?
Very good. Very good.
Thank you, Yoko.
What are you
going to do to Miyabi?
Hold on. You'd better
not ask any questions.
Do you want me to tell your
parents about the Uniform Pub?
Don't worry.
The deadline is two days away.
The Mercedes Benz
will be back by then.
But if it isn't...
Oops, I have to go to work.
I'll make my afternoon
class a study period.
Could you check on them
from time to time?
Who knows what they could
be up to if we're not watching.
See you later.
Onizuka...
I guess he tends
to trust others too easily.
You're right.
The possibility of getting
the Mercedes back is almost zero.
Are you going to wait anyway?
Yes. A deadline is a deadline.
What's going on?
You called us up here.
I wanted to tell you
something interesting.
This is so outrageous...
...that I called only
those of you with real guts.
Here it is.
Miyabi...
It's a plan to punish you.
You need to pay
for what you did.
This is what the ignorant
little princess deserves!
Kanzaki, what did you do?
Kanzaki!
Well see...
Here! This is it!
Suite No. 2801!
Wow! This is the penthouse!
All right! Let's get ready!
Congratulations
on Onizuka's retirement!
It's dark. Maybe
no one has arrived yet.
But it's 7:00 now.
What's this?!
Don't mess with us!
Lights! Quick!
So you gave him
the Mercedes Benz?
Well, it's called an act of mercy.
You're stupid.
It's a typical game
run by a petty con-artist.
That's what everyone told me.
Even if his story is true...
...if the student he cosigned for
does not return the money...
...then it's all over.
That may be true.
But I wanted to believe in him...
...because the fact that the student
asked for help means...
...that he thought that his teacher
could help him.
I admire that kind of teacher...
...a teacher who is
trusted by his students.
I don't know if I should call
you optimistic or idiotic.
What are you looking at?
You don't need to see this.
Keep cleaning the windows.
That's not fair!
- Let me have them.
- No, let go!
Look out! We're going to fall!
Kanzaki! What did you set up?!
I want Miyabi and her friends
to come up with the 8 million yen.
20 million yen each.
I think their parents
can pay a ransom.
You mean...?!
You've gone too far!
Really?
Are you serious?
It's no use trying to hide.
Open up!
What's going on?
I don't know!
Miyabi!
Hello.
Hello!
Urumi!
How's your party? Having fun?
You set us up!
What are you going to do?!
20 million yen from each of you,
which comes to 60 million yen.
Out of that, well take 8 million yen
to cover Onizuka's debt.
It's called ransom.
This is just the natural
outcome of what you started.
Do you know
what you're talking about?!
I'm going to call the police!
If you do, I'll tell them everything...
...including the money
you embezzled.
That's if you can
make it out alive!
I told you if you made
me angry, you would regret it.
Miyabi...
Go to hell!
Hey, where is it? Which room?!
I told you I didn't see anything.
You're lying! You said, "Oh!"
No!
Do you want to listen?
Hey, even though they're bad,
they are our classmates!
What are you talking about?
We can get 8 million
and punish Miyabi and her friends.
It's like killing
two birds with one stone.
Get real!
I'm out of here!
Kikuchi!
Get your hands off of me!
I said get your hands off of me!
I'm telling you!
Let me go, damn you!
Stop it!
What are you doing?! Let me go!
What are you going to do?!
Get away from us!
No! Don't come any closer!
Shut up!
Hello! Eikichi Onizuka.
22 years old.
Oh, Kikuchi...
Miyabi Aizawa, Chikako Shirai,
Saeko lijima. Right?
Answer me!
That's it!
You're there?!
What good timing!
Anyway, we don't have time!
I'll let you deal with it,
teacher!
All right.
TO BI MA SU TO BI MA SU
(I'LL FLY, I'LL FLY)
Hey, Teacher..!
What?!
Are the address
and phone number correct?
Yes.
All right. Make the call.
Yeah...
Help! Someone!
Dad... Mom...
Police officer...
Teacher...
Please...
I was wrong.
Please help me.
Hello. The Aizawa residence.
Hello?
What's that?!
Onizuka!
Hey! Get up!
You came to help us, didn't you?!
Then help us quickly! Hey!
Quick!
Who is he?!
Quickly! Beat them up!
What are you talking about?
I just came to watch...
...as a social science teacher.
What do you mean?!
Don't act innocent.
You set me up.
The Uniform Pub
deceived me completely.
Why should I
help such a big liar?
You're our homeroom
teacher, aren't you?!
Helping students
is a teacher's job!
Are you stupid?
If it's just a job, our work is over
when the bell rings at 5:30. Idiot!
Usually you look down
on your teachers...
...and show it in your attitude.
But when you're in trouble,
you want a teacher to help you?
You underestimate teachers.
What are you doing?!
I haven't finished my speech!
Get your hands off of me!
Teacher!
I want you to calm down.
Miyabi... You call me a teacher
only when you need something...
This teacher doesn't do things that
aren't in the Education Guidebook.
You idiot!
If you want me to help you,
apologize.
Don't mess with me!
Why should I have to bow down
to a stupid teacher?!
Then suit yourself.
Oh, shut up!
Now what are you
going to do, Miyabi?
Are you going
to apologize or not?!
I told you to shut up!
Are you deaf?!
So you won't apologize, Miyabi?
Damn you!
Now what are you going to do?
Make up your mind!
Aizawa!
I'm...sorry...
You owe me one, then.
Damn it! Run!
Take that guy
on the floor with you!
It was you who
called Onizuka. Right?
Kanzaki, you feel
better now, don't you?
Onizuka is stupid.
Now the 8 million yen is gone.
He has only two days.
Here's some rice gruel.
You said you felt like
you have no energy.
Make sure you go
see the doctor later.
I'll let the school know.
Dad called this morning
from his business trip.
He asked if you were all right.
You're really the apple of his eye.
Remember? When you were
in elementary school...
...we went to Mt. Yatsugatake...
It's just an alibi, isn't it?
No more jokes!
You know the truth, too!
It isn't a business trip!
He's on the trip
with that woman! Right?
Don't treat me like a fool!
Do you think I'm blind?!
Miyabi-chan...
I've had enough of acting
like we're a happy family!
All adults are conceited liars!
I don't owe you anything.
Who wants to owe an adult?
Only one day left.
Miyabi returned 1,070,000 yen...
...280,000 from Pachinko...
...and the amount he got
from his part-time job is...
Don't start calculating!
I'm getting irritated.
No matter how you figure it,
it's way short!
He...
...will be gone, then?
Hey! It's been a while!
Fujiyoshi!
All right! It's been a while!
You had us worried!
I have something.
Can you give this to teacher?
This is the amount that I took.
I'm returning what
I'm responsible for.
I caused a lot of trouble,...
...but now we can go
on the school trip, right?
As a matter of fact...
Don't joke with me!
How could we let
Onizuka get fired?!
It's pretty high
here on the roof of the school.
Are you thinking about something?
No, I'm just looking...
...to check if I can see the ocean.
It's impossible.
You can't see
the ocean from here.
But why?
Even if I leave here
and get on a tuna boat...
...I want to remember in which
direction this school is located.
Principal, I'm handing
this to you now.
Rather than staying here uncool...
...as a teacher, I want to teach
them one last lesson...
...about how to take responsibility.
You have a full day
before the deadline.
Murai and the others
preached to me a lot.
Life is not that easy.
I still have faith in him, though.
Is that so?
Are you sure that it's true?
Yes, it's true!
Onizuka-sensei submitted
his resignation as of today...
...and has left this school!
What?!
I heard he's getting
on a tuna boat or something.
Is it true?!
Are you all right?
Didn't you wreck the Vice
Principal's Cresta the other day?
That's because I didn't know
about the emergency brake!
I did manage driving by myself.
By the way, whose car is this?
Don't worry about it!
Just hold on!
Train! Let's go by train!
Principal...
There is no way.
I've done everything I...
May I see Onizuka-sensei?
You are...?
Let's find him fast!
He is somewhere in this port!
Everyone, let's spread out
and search for him!
Why is Onizuka's
Mercedes Benz here?
Thank you very much.
Hiramatsu-sensei asked
me to tell Onizuka-sensei...
...that he was deeply
grateful to him.
Is that right?
Then you can arrange
to get enough money?
Yes. I have made up my mind.
I'm scheduled to be
on a tuna boat for a year.
With the advance, I was able
to take care of my money problem.
It took a lot of time
to make my decision...
...and I screwed
things up for everyone.
I see. Good for you
on making up your mind!
Fuyutsuki-sensei! Doesn't
Onizuka have a cell phone?
I haven't been able
to get a connection!
There's no way!
We can never find him!
Hello.
Principal...
No. I can't reach
Onizuka on his cell phone.
What?! I see...
The Mercedes Benz came back!
All right!
Look! Over there!
Oh, no! If we don't stop him,
hell head to the Indian Ocean!
Onizuka!
Onizuka! Onizuka!
It's like I can hear everyone's
voice saying good-bye.
Thank you, everyone.
Good-bye!
Onizuka!
Oh, damn! Why?!
Why did Onizuka...
...leave without saying anything?!
It's not fair!
He got on the boat.
Now hell be gone for a year!
It's no big deal.
What did you say?!
Because that's...
...a Tokyo Bay cruise boat.
It'll be back in two hours.
Subete no hito wo aiseru wake ja
nainara semete aisuru hito wo
Uragi razu ni utagawazu ni
semetari nikundari shinai de
Mujaki de irukoto ga
hito wo kizutsukete shimau no?
Shizuka na jounetsu ga
hitomi no oku de sawagi dasu...
Anata ni meguri aete
Hateshinai toki no naka de
jibun ni nani ga dekiru
Ima wa mada
chiisaku temo
kagayaki
keseya shinai yo
Kobore souna
namida no tsubu
nagasazu
mune ni tamete
Isshun wo tsuyoku iki yo
ichizu na shizuku ni natte
NEXT EPISODE
Don't worry about me! Run!
Don't be an idiot!
Hurry up!
My contract may be sold...
Damn!
Let's go, Toroko!
Onizuka-sensei!
Don't be foolish.
I haven't given up yet.
SEE YA NEXT TIME